"If you give someone a program, you will frustrate them for a day; if you teach them how to program, you will frustrate them for a lifetime."
"Never be afraid to try something new. Remember, amateurs built the ark. Professionals built the Titanic."
"To go forward, you must backup."
"Failure is not an option, but it comes embedded in Windows."
"Home computers are being called upon to perform many new functions, including the consumption of homework formerly eaten by the dog.  ~Doug Larson"
"Never let a computer know you're in a hurry.  ~Author Unknown"
"To err is human, but to really foul things up requires a computer.  ~Farmer's Almanac, 1978"
"Treat your password like your toothbrush.  Don't let anybody else use it, and get a new one every six months.  ~Clifford Stoll"
"Computing is not about computers any more.  It is about living.  ~Nicholas Negroponte"
"After growing wildly for years, the field of computing appears to be reaching its infancy.  ~John Pierce"
"Hardware: where the people in your company's software section will tell you the problem is.  Software:  where the people in your company's hardware section will tell you the problem is.  ~Dave Barry, Claw Your Way to the Top"
"Computers have lots of memory but no imagination.  ~Author Unknown"
"As network administrator I can take down the network with one keystroke.  It's just like being a doctor but without getting gooky stuff on my paws.  ~Scott Adams (Dogbert)"
"If you have any trouble sounding condescending, find a Unix user to show you how it's done.  ~Scott Adams"
"Database:  the information you lose when your memory crashes.  ~Dave Barry, Claw Your Way to the Top"
"Back up my hard drive?  How do I put it in reverse?  ~Author Unknown"
"Computers make it easier to do a lot of things, but most of the things they make it easier to do don't need to be done.  ~Andy Rooney"
"Don't anthropomorphize computers - they hate it.  ~Author Unknown"
"Hardware:  the parts of a computer that can be kicked.  ~Jeff Pesis"
"I haven't lost my mind; I have a tape back-up somewhere.  ~Author Unknown"
"I just wish my mouth had a backspace key.  ~Author Unknown"
"Spreadsheet:  a kind of program that lets you sit at your desk and ask all kinds of neat "what if?" questions and generate thousands of numbers instead of actually working.  ~Dave Barry, Claw Your Way to the Top"
"If builders built buildings the way programmers wrote programs, then the first woodpecker that came along would destroy civilization.  ~One of Murphy's Laws of Technology"
"A picture is worth a thousand words but it takes 3,000 times the disk space.  ~Author Unknown"
"If it draws blood, it's hardware.  ~Author Unknown"
"It's not computer literacy that we should be working on, but sort of human-literacy.  Computers have to become human-literate.  ~Nicholas P. Negroponte"
"Rebooting is a wonder drug - it fixes almost everything.  ~Garrett Hazel, Help Desk Blues, 2002"
"Man is still the most extraordinary computer of all.  ~John F. Kennedy"
"RAM disk is not an installation procedure.  ~Author Unknown"
"The attention span of a computer is only as long as its power cord.  ~Author Unknown"
"The question of whether computers can think is just like the question of whether submarines can swim.  ~Edsger W. Dijkstra"
"There are 10 types of people in this world:  those who understand binary and those who don't.  ~Author Unknown"
"Information technology and business are becoming inextricably interwoven.  I don't think anybody can talk meaningfully about one without the talking about the other.  ~Bill Gates"
"There is only one satisfying way to boot a computer.  ~J.H. Goldfuss"
"Those parts of the system that you can hit with a hammer (not advised) are called hardware; those program instructions that you can only curse at are called software.  ~Author Unknown"
"I regularly read Internet user groups filled with messages from people trying to solve software incompatibility problems that, in terms of complexity, make the U.S. Tax Code look like Dr. Seuss.  ~Dave Barry"
"Apathy Error:  Don't bother striking any key.  ~Author Unknown"
"At least my pencil never crashes!  ~Author Unknown"
"I wish life had an Undo function.  ~Author Unknown"
"In a few minutes a computer can make a mistake so great that it would have taken many men many months to equal it.  ~Author Unknown"
"Mac users swear by their computers.  PC users swear at their computers.  ~Author Unknown"
"Some people can hack it, others can't.  ~Author Unknown"
"Unix is simple.  It just takes a genius to understand its simplicity.  ~Dennis Ritchie"
"What boots up must come down.  ~Author Unknown"
"I try to avoid using Microsoft. That's why I use MS-DOS.  ~Author Unknown"
"Technology makes it possible for people to gain control over everything, except over technology.  ~John Tudor"
"Technology is like a fish. The longer it stays on the shelf, the less desirable it becomes.  ~Andrew Heller"
"The most overlooked advantage of owning a computer is that if they foul up there's no law against whacking them around a bit.  ~Eric Porterfield"
"The first rule of any technology used in a business is that automation applied to an efficient operation will magnify the efficiency. The second is that automation applied to an inefficient operation will magnify the inefficiency.  ~Bill Gates"
"The number you have dialed is imaginary. Please divide by 0 and try again."
"The 50-50-90 rule: Anytime you have a 50-50 chance of getting something right, there's a 90% probability you'll get it wrong."
"82% of all statistics are made up on the spot."
"7/5th of all people do not understand fractions."
"A bus stops at a bus station; a train stops at a train station. On my desk I have a workstation."
"They say we use only 10% of our brain. Just think if we used the other 60%!"
"When a Japanese manufacturer was asked by his North American counterpart, 'What is the best language in which to do business?' the man responded: 'My customer’s language'."
"I rang Dutch Telecom, I said 'I want to report a nuisance caller', he said 'Not you again'."
"A clean desk is a sign of a cluttered desk drawer."
"Every morning is the dawn of a new error."
"Never use a preposition to end a sentence with."
"The first 90% of a project takes 90% of the time, and the final 10% takes the other 90% of the time."
"I know that you believe you understand what you think I said, but I'm not sure you realize that what you heard is not what I meant.  ~Robert McCloskey"
"Experience is the name every one gives to their mistakes.  ~Oscar Wilde"
"640K ought to be enough for anybody.  ~Bill Gates, 1981"
"A good programmer is someone who looks both ways before crossing a one-way street. - Doug Linder"
"Any sufficiently advanced bug is indistinguishable from a feature.  ~Rich Kulawiec"
"A program is a device used to convert data into error messages."
"Behind every good computer -- is a jumble of wires 'n stuff."
"BUFFERS=20 FILES=15 2nd down, 4th quarter, 5 yards to go!"
"Buy a Pentium/90 so you can reboot faster."
"C.O.B.O.L - Completely Obsolete Boring Old Language."
"Sleep: A completely inadequate substitute for caffeine."
"Definition of an Upgrade: Take old bugs out, put new ones in."
"Did anyone see my lost carrier?"
"Error: Keyboard not attached. Press F1 to continue."
"ERROR: Computer possessed; Load EXOR.SYS ? [Y/N]"
"Error reading FAT record: Try the SKINNY one? (Y/N)"
"Hey! It compiles! Ship it!"
"Hot Tip #3: Be sure to turn it on before calling technical support."
"It said 'Insert disk #3', but only two will fit."
"Linux renders ships, NT is rendering ships useless."
"Linux: Because rebooting is for adding new hardware."
"Murphy's Law on Computing: 1. When computing, whatever happens, behave as though you meant it to happen."
"Murphy's Law on Computing: 2. When you get to the point where you really understand your computer, it's probably obsolete."
"Murphy's Law on Computing: 3. The first place to look for information is in the section of the manual where you least expect to find it."
"Murphy's Law on Computing: 4. When the going gets tough, upgrade."
"Murphy's Law on Computing: 5. For every action, there is an equal and opposite malfunction."
"Murphy's Law on Computing: 6. To err is human... to blame your computer for your mistakes is even more human, it is downright natural."
"Murphy's Law on Computing: 7. He who laughs last probably made a back-up."
"Murphy's Law on Computing: 8. If at first you do not succeed, blame your computer."
"Murphy's Law on Computing: 9. A complex system that does not work is invariably found to have evolved from a simpler system that worked just fine."
"Murphy's Law on Computing: 10. The number one cause of computer problems is computer solutions."
"Murphy's Law on Computing: 11. A computer program will always do what you tell it to do, but rarely what you want to do."
"My software never has bugs. It just develops random features."
"Never execute code written on a Friday or a Monday."
"Programmer /n./ A red-eyed, mumbling mammal capable of conversing with inanimate objects."
"Multitasking /adj./ 3 PCs and a chair with wheels."
"Tech Support Tip #2: When the support agent says "Click...", wait for the rest of the sentence."
"The problem with doing something right the first time is that nobody appreciates how difficult it was."
"There are two ways to write error-free programs. Only the third one works."
"The three most dangerous things are a programmer with a soldering iron, a manager who codes, and a user who gets ideas."
"If we don’t take care of our customers, someone else will."
"Our life is frittered away by detail. Simplify, simplify!  ~Henry David Thoreau"
"If you make customers unhappy in the physical world, they might each tell 6 friends. If you make customers unhappy on the Internet, they can each tell 6,000 friends.  ~Jeff Bezos"
"Customers don’t expect you to be perfect. They do expect you to fix things when they go wrong.  ~Donald Porter"
"Quality in a service or product is not what you put into it. It is what the client or customer gets out of it.  ~Peter Drucker"
"The quality of our work depends on the quality of our people."
"To my customer: I may not have the answer, but I’ll find it. I may not have the time, but I’ll make it."
"Customer service is not a department, it's an attitude!"
"Make your product easier to buy than your competition, or you will find your customers buying from them, not you.  ~Mark Cuban"
"Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning.  ~Bill Gates"
"This may seem simple, but you need to give customers what they want, not what you think they want. And, if you do this, people will keep coming back.  ~John Ilhan"
"Spend a lot of time talking to customers face to face. You'd be amazed how many companies don't listen to their customers.  ~Ross Perot"